Now let's proceed with implementing the first example that I mentioned in The Last Lecture which would
be to upload an image together with a blog post.
So we already have a forum for adding blog posts.
But the important thing about making your forums be able to send files is you need to add up specific
property to the forum tag which is ethnic type and the value of this has to be multipart form data.
That's the value that has to be there.
If you are trying to send any files.
OK so this would be for the create forum.
But we also have an update form where we modify the blog post.
So this has to be added here to remember this property has to be added to all the forms which you use
to submit files.
Now we also need a field that the user can use to select a file from the disk and then upload it so
we'll add some usual styling to our form.
We can even copy the label and the input element so let's call this file thumbnail
now in case of the files the type of the field is actually file the name could be thumbnail.
Also in case of the files you wouldn't use the normal bootstrap foreign control but instead the phone
control file and we do not have to provide any value OK so save the changes.
And now let's see how this form looks like now.
It also has the button that you can click and then pick a file from your disk.
So this is basically all about preparing a forum to be able to upload the files in the next lecture
will proceed with actually implementing some logic for the file uploads.